Updating PHP libraries, 2023 (#866)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/php-libraries.txt

- `PeclMongoPhpDoc <https://github.com/localgod/PeclMongoPhpDoc>`_ provides
  skeleton classes for the ``mongo`` extension, which may be used to support
  autocomplete and inline documentation for IDEs.

> - `PHPfastcache <https://github.com/PHPSocialNetwork/phpfastcache>`_ provides a simple
> high-performance backend cache system for MongoDB.

Reviewer: Bullet points that span multiple lines need to match indentation, similar to the formatting of the previous bullet point.

```suggestion
- `PHPfastcache <https://github.com/PHPSocialNetwork/phpfastcache>`_ provides a simple,
  high-performance backend cache system for MongoDB.
```

> - `XHgui <https://github.com/perftools/xhgui>`_ a Web interface for XHProf profiling data,
> storing it in MongoDB

Reviewer: - Fixed indentation
- Fixed capitalization
- I think the rewording of the sentence explains the functionality of XHGui and XHProf a little better.

```suggestion
- `XHGui <https://github.com/perftools/xhgui>`_, a web interface for the XHProf profiler
  that stores profiling data in MongoDB.
```
